Added DocBook snippets as a separate extension (#9)
openSUSE/suse-vscode-doc: extensions/docbook-snippets/README.md

# docbook-snippets README

## Features

The DocBook Snippets extension includes templates of both simple and complex DocBook structures.

> You can populate the templates by pressing by the initial DocBook markup letters. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can populate the templates by pressing the initial DocBook markup letters. For example,
```

pressing `li` results in `<listitem>insert content</listitem>`. The list of templates is not complete and will be extended with future releases.

![Adding <itemizedlist/>](/extensions/docbook-snippets/media/itemizedlist.webm)

## Requirements

This extension has no dependencies.

## Extension Settings

This extension does not provide any settings yet.

## Known Issues

> No issues yet.

Reviewer: It's a bit dangerous to state "no issues yet" as the situation _will_ change in the near future. :wink: Maybe link to the issue tracker at GitHub? 

```suggestion
See our issue tracker at [openSUSE/suse-vscode-doc/issues](https://github.com/openSUSE/suse-vscode-doc/issues)
```

## Release Notes

> The extension was updated at the following points:

Reviewer: I assume, this will be amended once we have the extension ID and link of the marketplace, right?

Author: Maybe yes, no idea actually :-)

> ### 0.0.1

Author: ```suggestion
### 0.1.0
```

> # docbook-snippets README

Reviewer: Was that file autogenerated? I assume it is as it sounds very generic. You probably want to adapt the following subsections. :wink:

For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\)

> Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow.

## Requirements

If you have any requirements or dependencies, add a section describing those and how to install and configure them.

## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: Enable/disable this extension.
* `myExtension.thing`: Set to `blah` to do something.

## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

Initial release of ...

### 1.0.1

Fixed issue #.

### 1.1.0

Added features X, Y, and Z.

---

## Working with Markdown

> You can author your README using Visual Studio Code. Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can author your README using Visual Studio Code and VSCodium. Below are several useful editor keyboard shortcuts:
```
